feat(swatch+swatchgroup): S2 migration (#3677)
adobe/spectrum-css: .changeset/proud-schools-reply.md

---
`@spectrum-css/swatchgroup`: major
`@spectrum-css/swatch`: major
---

> #### S2 migration swatchgroup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### S2 migration for Swatch group
```

What would you think of using the readable name in the title instead of the package?

> This migrates the `swatch` and `swatchgroup` components to S2. Custom properties have been remapped and added per the design specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This migrates the `swatch` and `swatchgroup` components to the latest Spectrum 2 designs. Custom properties have been remapped and added per the design specification.
```

An `Add Swatch` variant has been added with the required color tokens and the specified add UI icon.

##### Removed custom properties

`--spectrum-swatch-border-color`

> `--spectrum-swatch-dash-icon-color`

Reviewer: Just double checking, were these replaced with a property with a different name? Should we outline that here?

Author: `--spectrum-swatchgroup-border-color` was removed altogether and `--spectrum-swatch-icon-color` is now used in place of the dash specific token. I'll update the changeset to clarify the latter case. ✨

##### New custom properties

`--spectrum-swatch-border-color-rgb`
`--spectrum-swatch-border-opacity`
`--spectrum-corner-radius-full`
`--spectrum-corner-radius-none`
`--spectrum-swatch-disabled-icon-border-opacity`
`--spectrum-swatch-icon-color`
`--spectrum-swatch-rectangle-width-multiplier`
`--spectrum-swatchgroup-border-color`

##### New mods

`--mod-add-button-background`
`--mod-add-button-background-down`
`--mod-add-button-background-hover`
`--mod-add-button-background-keyboard-focus`
`--mod-corner-radius-full`
`--mod-mixed-button-background`
`--mod-swatchgroup-border-color`
`--mod-swatch-border-color-rgb`
`--mod-swatch-border-opacity`

##### Removed mods

> `--mod-swatchgroup-spacing-compact`

Reviewer: Can we include a "instead, please use..." part here for those using this mod in their systems currently?

---
`@spectrum-css/swatchgroup`: major
`@spectrum-css/swatch`: major
---

#### S2 migration for Swatch group

This migrates the `swatch` and `swatchgroup` components to the latest Spectrum 2 designs. Custom properties have been remapped and added per the design specification.

An `Add Swatch` variant has been added with the required color tokens and the specified add UI icon.

The `Add Swatch` and `Mixed Value` variants may not be combined with background colors or images. To implement the `Add Swatch` you need to apply the `is-addSwatch` class to the `spectrum-Swatch` element. `Add swatch` keyboard focus may be applied by adding the `is-keyboardFocused` class to this combination of classes.

The `spectrum-Swatch-icon` is used to set the expected color to icons contained within the swatch.

> The border should not be set when the swatch is selected as the border conflicts with the display of the selected state.

Author: Updated that as well! ✨
